well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about uh
mitch mcconnell and his leadership
in the senate and their great
achievement
they uh last night managed to
ram through a supreme court nominee
got her confirmed good job guys
congratulations and all of that
and then they adjourned so
people in kentucky who waiting on that
stimulus
it's not coming it's not coming they
decided
that putting somebody on the supreme
court who could not name the components
of the first amendment at the hearing
was more important somebody who did not
have the base qualifications for the job
that was more important than helping you
out with a stimulus
that was more important than helping the
small businesses out
that's what mattered see
mcconnell has created this fiction this
idea
that the republican party cares about
the constitution
that they care about the working
american
in one night they proved that wasn't
true
because you can't put somebody on the
highest court in the land whose sole
purpose
is to interpret the constitution when
they don't know what's in it
the good news is the new justice well
at least she won't intentionally
undermine the constitution
i say that because there's no way she
can intentionally do it because she
doesn't know what's in it
so they do not care about the
constitution they never have
they care about power and keeping
working class commoners in their place
that's why they don't want you to have a
stimulus check
that's why they don't want your small
business to get any help
because they need to keep you in debt
they need to keep you down
so they can sit there and say work
harder don't worry the american dream is
right around the corner for you
which is another fiction it's not
the rich keep getting richer and the
poor keep getting poorer
why because the rich own those senators
this isn't limited to mcconnell
because unless you saw your senator
out there saying that this was a bad
idea that they shouldn't do something
that most americans don't want them to
do
and they should focus on the thing that
most americans do want them to do
and you didn't see that by the way
because it didn't happen from the
republican party
but
if you didn't see that your senator's in
on it
your republican senator played a hand in
this
now here's the thing about it had they
done what they were supposed to
hey okay cool and
then they could have taken care of the
nominee
they could have focused on what mattered
and then they could have pushed through
trump's
appointment not a big deal
it's not like they were actually vetting
her it's not like they were doing their
duty
they were just gonna rubber stamp
anybody he sent up that was proven
so why did it take so long a fiction
a show to trick the common folk into
thinking they care they don't
she couldn't answer a question on a test
from a sixth grade civics course
but now she's going to be interpreting
the constitution determining
the limits of your rights
yeah good move that was definitely more
important than helping out the economy
right
helping out the little guy because i
don't care about it
that's not their goal that's their
fiction that's the line
they sell to working class americans
they just rap at the american flag and
pretend it's true
it's not it's never been true they don't
care about you
if they did the priorities would have
been reversed
we would have got some kind of action on
relief
and that's the economic side of it
that's the part they've been saying they
care about
they don't care about the 225 000 that
are gone
they've made that real clear they care
about the economy at least that's their
line
but when push comes to shove they really
don't care about the economy
well at least not your economy
they're more than willing to give the
big companies the help they need
just not the little guy not you not the
person
that votes for him
and gives them that power
when you vote for these people you
co-sign them
you say hey i'm okay with what they're
doing
especially if you're re-electing them
you've told them repeatedly that you're
not going to pay attention to what they
do
so as long as they sell you an image
of an american flag and an apple pie
well they've got your vote
and they can do whatever they want to
you and you're not going to do anything
about it
you're not going to say anything about
it
because you've been conditioned by that
fiction
to believe that the republican party is
the party of patriotism
yet they confirmed a supreme court
nominee
who could not tell you what the first
amendment was
while they let the country twist in the
wind
like that flag they pretend they care
about
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day